Update README.md (#3220)
IBM/FHIR: README.md

|fhir-server|JAX-RS resources and related classes for implementing the FHIR REST API and extended operations|false|
|fhir-server-webapp|A web application that packages the fhir-server with a set of built-in extended operations|false|
|fhir-server-test|End-to-end integration tests for testing a running server|false|

> |fhir-smart|An interceptor to support the SMART-on-FHIR profile using JWT|false|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|fhir-smart|An interceptor that provides SMART-on-FHIR authorization policy enforcement|false|
```
